do you swing are you kidding baby I put
the girl in swinger baby yeah Austin
Powers crazy baby yeah with the help of
the beautiful Felicity shag well how
does it feel baby
how does that feel baby and a thrilling
adventure of intrigue cherry but don't
cut evil is back and poor evil forever
gonna try gonna cry oh yeah I'm going to
go back to the sixteenth and skier
Austin Powers mergers ladies and
gentlemen
I'm about to travel through time I bid
you in here
a bombshell with a secret Robin
swallows swallows that's an interesting
name MAPE name spits well which is it
baby Spitzer swallows dr. evil we began
a program to clone you he is exactly
like you and everywhere 180 R sighs I
shall call him mini-me something small
something deadly like my baby like miles
what are you some kind of freak your
mother hello Greg move over Rover this
chick is
in the biggest Austin Powers adventure
yet empowers The Spy Who shagged me
great plan Einstein all right zip it you
peaches you
it's simple UI pinga why meet our hero
doll subtitle
yippee boundary this man oh yeah
you know yeah
[Applause]